<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<title>
#bitcoin-core-dev
 on 2021-06-10
 — 
searchable irc log
</title>
<meta charset='utf-8'>
<meta content='IE=9' http-equiv='X-UA-Compatible'>
<link href='/style-light.css' id='stylesheet' rel='stylesheet'>
<link href='/favicon.png' rel='shortcut icon'>
<link href='http://chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-10' rel='canonical'>
<meta content='channel #bitcoin-core-dev IRC chat logs' name='description'>
<script src='/jquery.min.js'></script>
<script src='/jquery.ba-hashchange.min.js'></script>
<script src='/cookies.min.js'></script>
<script src='/application.js'></script>
<body>
<section id='sidebar'>
<section id='calendar'>
<pre class='clock'>17:16 UTC</pre>
<pre><a href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-05-10">&lt;</a><span class='header'>    June 2021     </span><a href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-07-10">&gt;</a>&#x000A;<span class='header'>Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa  </span>&#x000A;       <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-01">1</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-02">2</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-03">3</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-04">4</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-05">5</a>  &#x000A; <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-06">6</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-07">7</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-08">8</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-09">9</a> <a class="current" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-10">10</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-11">11</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-12">12</a>  &#x000A;<a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-13">13</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-14">14</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-15">15</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-16">16</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-17">17</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-18">18</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-19">19</a>  &#x000A;<a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-20">20</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-21">21</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-22">22</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-23">23</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-24">24</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-25">25</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-26">26</a>  &#x000A;<a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-27">27</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-28">28</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-29">29</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-30">30</a></pre>
</section>
<section id='options'>
<form action='/bitcoin-core-dev/search'>
<input id='search-box' name='q' placeholder='Enter keywords'>
<input type='submit' value='Search'>
<br/>
<br/>
<p>This is a searchable archive of <a href=/bitcoin-core-dev>#bitcoin-core-dev</a> irc</p>
<br/>
<small>
<b>Examples</b>
<br/>
<a href="http://bitcoin-irc.chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/search?q=bitcoin">bitcoin</a>
<a href="http://bitcoin-irc.chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/search?q=*BIP*">*BIP*</a><br/>
<a href="http://bitcoin-irc.chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/search?q=%22bitcoin-git%22">bitcoin-git</a><br/>
<a href="http://bitcoin-irc.chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/search?q=%22core-meetingbot%22">core-meetingbot</a>
<br/>
<br/>
</small>
<small>Search supports standard MySQL <a href="https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/fulltext-boolean.html">fulltext search operations</a></small>
<br/>
<br/>
<small>Click on the timestamp of a message for a sharable link</small>
<br/>
<br/>
<small>Message timestamps are in UTC</small>
<br/>
<br/>
<small>This archive is hosted by <a href="http://chaincode.com">Chaincode</a> and runs on <a href="https://github.com/whitequark/irclogger">irclogger</a></small>
<br/>
</form>
</section>
</section>
<section class='without-noise' data-channel='#bitcoin-core-dev' id='log'>
<aside id='log-panel'>
<a href='#' id='light_dark'></a>
<label for='filter'>
Filter:
</label>
<input id='filter'>
<span class='clear-input' id='clear_filter' style='display:none'></span>
<div class='input-group'>
<input id='show_noise' type='checkbox'>
<label for='show_noise'>
Show join/leave messages
</label>
</div>
</aside>
<div class='log-messages with-panel'>
<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623284160' id='368133'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368133'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T00:16:00Z'>00:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] theStack opened pull request #22204: doc: remove obsolete `okSafeMode` RPC guideline from developer notes (master...202106-doc-remove_obsolete_okSafeMode_hints) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22204" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22204</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623289500' id='368134'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368134'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T01:45:00Z'>01:45</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/46424e943c0b...92584d29cee3" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/46424e943c0b...92584d29cee3</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623289500' id='368135'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368135'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T01:45:00Z'>01:45</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master d1d1cc9 Hennadii Stepanov: build, qt: Fix compiling qt package in depends with GCC 11
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623289500' id='368136'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368136'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T01:45:00Z'>01:45</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 92584d2 fanquake: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#22186: build, qt: Fix compiling qt package in depend...
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623289500' id='368137'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368137'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T01:45:00Z'>01:45</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #22186: build, qt: Fix compiling qt package in depends with GCC 11 (master...210608-limits) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22186" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22186</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623299280' id='368138'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368138'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T04:28:00Z'>04:28</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] brownit89 opened pull request #22205: Condensed bitcoin core integration/staging tree (master...master) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22205" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22205</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623299340' id='368139'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368139'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T04:29:00Z'>04:29</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] fanquake closed pull request #22205: Condensed bitcoin core integration/staging tree (master...master) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22205" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22205</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623299340' id='368140'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368140'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T04:29:00Z'>04:29</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] fanquake reopened pull request #22205: Condensed bitcoin core integration/staging tree (master...master) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22205" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22205</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623303600' id='368141'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368141'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T05:40:00Z'>05:40</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] MarcoFalke pushed 2 commits to master: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/92584d29cee3...356f421fb0bb" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/92584d29cee3...356f421fb0bb</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623303600' id='368142'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368142'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T05:40:00Z'>05:40</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 6780a09 Sebastian Falbesoner: doc: remove obsolete `okSafeMode` RPC guideline from developer notes
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623303600' id='368143'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368143'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T05:40:00Z'>05:40</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 356f421 MarcoFalke: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#22204: doc: remove obsolete `okSafeMode` RPC guideli...
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623303600' id='368144'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368144'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T05:40:00Z'>05:40</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] MarcoFalke merged pull request #22204: doc: remove obsolete `okSafeMode` RPC guideline from developer notes (master...202106-doc-remove_obsolete_okSafeMode_hints) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22204" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22204</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623312300' id='368145'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368145'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T08:05:00Z'>08:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> fanquake</span>&gt;
wumpus / sipa: can you block <a href="https://github.com/www-myetherwallet-com" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/www-myetherwallet-com</a> from the bitcoin-core and bitcoin orgs
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623315240' id='368146'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368146'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T08:54:00Z'>08:54</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
fanquake: done
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623315600' id='368147'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368147'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T09:00:00Z'>09:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> Alina-malina</span>&gt;
does anyone have a guide on step by step how to create my own crypto coin very similiar to bitcoin? lol
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623315720' id='368148'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368148'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T09:02:00Z'>09:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
Alina-malina: off topic here, this channel is about bitcoin development, not altcoin development
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623315780' id='368149'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368149'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T09:03:00Z'>09:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> Alina-malina</span>&gt;
i never say altcoin, i need to run my own bitcoin core but with my own blockchain, not sure how to do though
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623315900' id='368150'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368150'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T09:05:00Z'>09:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
in any case the question is too aspecific
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623316200' id='368151'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368151'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T09:10:00Z'>09:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] practicalswift opened pull request #22208: Update `REVIEWERS` (master...drahtbot-2021-06) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22208" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22208</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623317220' id='368152'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368152'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T09:27:00Z'>09:27</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] MarcoFalke pushed 2 commits to master: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/356f421fb0bb...e87fbee4026b" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/356f421fb0bb...e87fbee4026b</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623317220' id='368153'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368153'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T09:27:00Z'>09:27</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 3636d9b practicalswift: Update REVIEWERS: I&#x27;ve found that I keep track of PRs in need of review wi...
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623317220' id='368154'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368154'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T09:27:00Z'>09:27</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master e87fbee MarcoFalke: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#22208: doc: Update `REVIEWERS`
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623317220' id='368155'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368155'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T09:27:00Z'>09:27</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] MarcoFalke merged pull request #22208: doc: Update `REVIEWERS` (master...drahtbot-2021-06) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22208" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22208</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623317640' id='368156'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368156'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T09:34:00Z'>09:34</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> jnewbery</span>&gt;
laanwj MarcoFalke fanquake: I think #22141 is ready for merge. Three ACKs
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623317640' id='368157'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368157'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T09:34:00Z'>09:34</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22141" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22141</a> | net processing: Remove hash and fValidatedHeaders from QueuedBlock by jnewbery · Pull Request #22141 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623319140' id='368158'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368158'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T09:59:00Z'>09:59</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
jnewbery: will take a look, thanks
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623322140' id='368159'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368159'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T10:49:00Z'>10:49</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> glozow</span>&gt;
ditto for #22084 - 3 ACKs, i&#x27;ve added the nits into a followup
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623322140' id='368160'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368160'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T10:49:00Z'>10:49</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22084" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22084</a> | package testmempoolaccept followups by glozow · Pull Request #22084 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623323100' id='368161'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368161'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T11:05:00Z'>11:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] MarcoFalke opened pull request #22210: test: Use MiniWallet in test_no_inherited_signaling RBF test (master...2106-testMiniWallet) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22210" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22210</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623323400' id='368162'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368162'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T11:10:00Z'>11:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 6 commits to master: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/e87fbee4026b...ef8f2966ac8e" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/e87fbee4026b...ef8f2966ac8e</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623323400' id='368163'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368163'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T11:10:00Z'>11:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 6c5f19d glozow: [package] static_assert max package size &gt;= max tx size
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623323400' id='368164'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368164'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T11:10:00Z'>11:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 7d91442 glozow: [rpc] reserve space in txns
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623323400' id='368165'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368165'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T11:10:00Z'>11:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master e8ecc62 glozow: [refactor] comment/naming improvements
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623323400' id='368166'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368166'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T11:10:00Z'>11:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #22084: package testmempoolaccept followups (master...20833-followups) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22084" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22084</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623327900' id='368167'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368167'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T12:25:00Z'>12:25</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] vasild opened pull request #22211: net: relay I2P addresses even if not reachable (by us) (master...i2p_IsRelayable) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22211" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22211</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623330960' id='368168'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368168'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T13:16:00Z'>13:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] amadeuszpawlik opened pull request #22212: Guard `fHavePruned` to avoid potential data race (master...fix_guard_fhavepruned) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22212" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22212</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623337140' id='368169'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368169'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T14:59:00Z'>14:59</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] laanwj pushed 9 commits to master: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/ef8f2966ac8e...1704bbf2263f" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/ef8f2966ac8e...1704bbf2263f</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623337140' id='368170'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368170'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T14:59:00Z'>14:59</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 85e058b John Newbery: [net processing] Remove unnecessary hash arg from MarkBlockAsInFlight()
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623337140' id='368171'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368171'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T14:59:00Z'>14:59</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master b4e29f2 John Newbery: [net processing] Remove QueuedBlock.fValidatedHeaders
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623337140' id='368172'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368172'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T14:59:00Z'>14:59</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master b03de9c John Newbery: [net processing] Remove CNodeState.nBlocksInFlightValidHeaders
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623337140' id='368173'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368173'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T14:59:00Z'>14:59</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] laanwj merged pull request #22141: net processing: Remove hash and fValidatedHeaders from QueuedBlock (master...2021-06-blocks-in-flight) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22141" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22141</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623345480' id='368174'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368174'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:18:00Z'>17:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'> jamesob</span>&gt;
you know what would be an awesome attack: if someone did a giant commit that <b>*looked like*</b> a scripted diff, but was slightly off in the headers (like &quot;~BEGIN VERIFY SCRIPT-&quot;) and contained some subtle malicious change
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623345540' id='368175'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368175'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:19:00Z'>17:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'> jamesob</span>&gt;
would probably get caught but I guess worth keeping in mind
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623345600' id='368176'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368176'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:20:00Z'>17:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
jamesob: they&#x27;d also need to have a commit title that looked bit wasn&#x27;t quite &quot;scripted-diff:&quot;
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623345600' id='368177'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368177'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:20:00Z'>17:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'> jamesob</span>&gt;
scripted~diff?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623345660' id='368178'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368178'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:21:00Z'>17:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
scripted diffs need both a marker in the commit title and in the body
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623345660' id='368179'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368179'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:21:00Z'>17:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
and iirc when it only has one of the two, it fails validation
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623345660' id='368180'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368180'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:21:00Z'>17:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'> jamesob</span>&gt;
maybe you&#x27;re proving my point - I wrote &quot;scripted~diff&quot; and not &quot;scripted-diff&quot;!
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623345720' id='368181'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368181'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:22:00Z'>17:22</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
i think it&#x27;s a good reason (apart from breaking other PRs) to keep the number of all-over-the-tree changes to a lot of files to a minimum, even as scripted diffs
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623345720' id='368182'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368182'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:22:00Z'>17:22</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
jamesob: hahaha
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623346440' id='368183'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368183'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:34:00Z'>17:34</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[gui] ryanofsky opened pull request #360: gui: Unregister wallet notifications before unloading wallets (master...pr/qtwd) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin-core/gui/pull/360" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin-core/gui/pull/360</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623346800' id='368184'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368184'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:40:00Z'>17:40</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> jnewbery</span>&gt;
I hope that reviewers are reviewing the code changes in scripted diff commits and not just the commit log
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623347400' id='368185'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368185'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:50:00Z'>17:50</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
I could imagine a subtle change like &quot;+&quot; -&gt; &quot;-&quot; easily getting missed in review of a massive scripted diff
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623347400' id='368186'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368186'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:50:00Z'>17:50</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
&quot;scripted~diff&quot;
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623347460' id='368187'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368187'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:51:00Z'>17:51</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
Would be good to run the script locally (or at least check the ci log that it was run)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623347880' id='368188'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368188'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T17:58:00Z'>17:58</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
that was my point, kind of, if large scripted diffs are rare then it&#x27;s more likely people will review them properly, less so if it becomes a run of the mill thing; smaller ones are easy to review anyhow
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623348000' id='368189'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368189'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T18:00:00Z'>18:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
often with scripted diffs it&#x27;s easy to ask yourself what&#x27;s the worst that can happen if it&#x27;s not
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623348060' id='368190'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368190'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T18:01:00Z'>18:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
e.g. something that renames a variable/function name.. if if&#x27;s wrong in a non-obvious way it just won&#x27;t compile
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623348120' id='368191'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368191'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T18:02:00Z'>18:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
right, but the sneaky thing would be to change something else on a line with the variable name change, if there&#x27;s hundreds something like that is easier to hide
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623348360' id='368192'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368192'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T18:06:00Z'>18:06</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
fair
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351600' id='368193'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368193'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
#startmeeting
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351600' id='368194'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368194'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
Meeting started Thu Jun 10 19:00:04 2021 UTC.  The chair is laanwj. Information about MeetBot at <a href="https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/ircmeetings" class="link" target="_blank">https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/ircmeetings</a>.
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351600' id='368195'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368195'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
Available commands: action commands idea info link nick
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351600' id='368196'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368196'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
#bitcoin-core-dev Meeting: achow101 <u>_aj_</u> amiti ariard BlueMatt cfields Chris_Stewart_5 darosior digi_james dongcarl elichai2 emilengler fanquake fjahr gleb glozow gmaxwell gwillen hebasto instagibbs jamesob jarolrod jb55 jeremyrubin jl2012 jnewbery jonasschnelli jonatack jtimon kallewoof kanzure kvaciral laanwj lightlike luke-jr maaku marcofalke meshcollider michagogo moneyball morcos
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351600' id='368197'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368197'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
nehan NicolasDorier paveljanik petertodd phantomcircuit promag provoostenator ryanofsky sdaftuar sipa vasild
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351600' id='368198'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368198'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-14'> hebasto</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351600' id='368199'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368199'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351600' id='368200'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368200'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-14'> jonatack</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351600' id='368201'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368201'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'> sipsorcery</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351600' id='368202'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368202'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> meshcollider</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351600' id='368203'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368203'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
no proposed meeting topics this week
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351600' id='368204'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368204'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351660' id='368205'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368205'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:01:00Z'>19:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
i guess it makes sense to discuss what would be good to focus review on for the 22.0 feature freeze
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351660' id='368206'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368206'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:01:00Z'>19:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
which is june 15th
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351720' id='368207'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368207'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
lots of things tagged for 22.0
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351720' id='368208'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368208'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
any last minute topics?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351720' id='368209'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368209'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+sort%3Aupdated-desc+milestone%3A22.0" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+sort%3Aupdated-desc+milestone%3A22.0</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351720' id='368210'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368210'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> meshcollider</span>&gt;
There&#x27;s a few taproot alley PRs that would be very nice to have in
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351720' id='368211'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368211'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> dongcarl</span>&gt;
My personal hope is that we can finish the last g_chainman deglobalization bundle and the guix.sigs layout change PR
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351720' id='368212'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368212'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> meshcollider</span>&gt;
Wallet*
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351780' id='368213'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368213'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:03:00Z'>19:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
yes, might make sense to untag some
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351780' id='368214'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368214'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:03:00Z'>19:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351840' id='368215'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368215'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:04:00Z'>19:04</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
#18722 seems RFM
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351840' id='368216'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368216'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:04:00Z'>19:04</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/18722" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/18722</a> | addrman: improve performance by using more suitable containers by vasild · Pull Request #18722 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351900' id='368217'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368217'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
dongcarl: tagged both
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351900' id='368218'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368218'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> jeremyrubin</span>&gt;
hallo
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351900' id='368219'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368219'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
#22156 is pretty important to have in i think to avoid footguns
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351900' id='368220'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368220'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22156" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22156</a> | Allow tr() import to privkey wallets only when Taproot is active by achow101 · Pull Request #22156 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351900' id='368221'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368221'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> dongcarl</span>&gt;
laanwj: Thanks!
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351900' id='368222'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368222'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-14'> jonatack</span>&gt;
Am about to push an update to the inbound eviction protection one. I was hoping to get back to the BTC/kvB-to-sat/vB transition in time for the release but that&#x27;s unfeasible so just concentrating on finishing up <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21261" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21261</a>  
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351900' id='368223'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368223'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
sipa: seems more like a bugfix than a feature anyhow
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351960' id='368224'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368224'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:06:00Z'>19:06</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-14'> jonatack</span>&gt;
and then reviewing the other PRs tagged for v22
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351960' id='368225'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368225'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:06:00Z'>19:06</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
I would consider #22156 and #22154 to be bug fixes rather than features, especially if #21365 is merged
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351960' id='368226'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368226'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:06:00Z'>19:06</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22156" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22156</a> | Allow tr() import to privkey wallets only when Taproot is active by achow101 · Pull Request #22156 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351960' id='368227'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368227'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:06:00Z'>19:06</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22154" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22154</a> | Add OutputType::BECH32M and related wallet support for fetching bech32m addresses by achow101 · Pull Request #22154 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623351960' id='368228'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368228'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:06:00Z'>19:06</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21365" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21365</a> | Basic Taproot signing support for descriptor wallets by sipa · Pull Request #21365 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352080' id='368229'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368229'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:08:00Z'>19:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-14'> jonatack</span>&gt;
Planning to revew the two PRs fixing the I2P ports issue after FF
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352080' id='368230'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368230'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:08:00Z'>19:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
yeah i will also try to go through the 22.0 tag list
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352080' id='368231'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368231'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:08:00Z'>19:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
great!
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352200' id='368232'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368232'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
#21935 and #18964 are both still drafts, should they still be tagged for 22.0?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352200' id='368233'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368233'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21935" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21935</a> | Enable external signer support for GUI builds, reduce #ifdef by Sjors · Pull Request #21935 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352200' id='368234'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368234'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/18964" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/18964</a> | rpc, wallet: Scan mempool after import* by promag · Pull Request #18964 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352200' id='368235'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368235'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
achow101: no, probably not, good point
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352200' id='368236'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368236'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-14'> hebasto</span>&gt;
hope 21935 will be in 22.0
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352260' id='368237'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368237'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:11:00Z'>19:11</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
ah yes sjors&#x27; gui PR would be nice to have ein
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352260' id='368238'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368238'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:11:00Z'>19:11</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-14'> hebasto</span>&gt;
sjors gui4 is already in master
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352320' id='368239'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368239'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:12:00Z'>19:12</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
oh, good
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352380' id='368240'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368240'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:13:00Z'>19:13</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> meshcollider</span>&gt;
Yep :)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352440' id='368241'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368241'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:14:00Z'>19:14</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-14'> jonatack</span>&gt;
meshcollider: taproot alley sounded good too
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352500' id='368242'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368242'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:15:00Z'>19:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
right up my alley
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352500' id='368243'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368243'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:15:00Z'>19:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
With the Taproot descriptor stuff I&#x27;m assuming that it is only a standard that could be updated/changed post being included in 22.0
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352560' id='368244'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368244'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:16:00Z'>19:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
The discussion on notation/syntax was interesting
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352560' id='368245'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368245'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:16:00Z'>19:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
It isn&#x27;t final for 22.0 basically
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352560' id='368246'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368246'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:16:00Z'>19:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352560' id='368247'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368247'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:16:00Z'>19:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
michaelfolkson: I expect it will be mostly final
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352560' id='368248'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368248'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:16:00Z'>19:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
as soon as someone includes a tr() descriptor in a wallet, we have to support it ~forever
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352560' id='368249'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368249'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:16:00Z'>19:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
features can be added, but if we include it in 22.0, it will be very hard to back out
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352620' id='368250'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368250'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:17:00Z'>19:17</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Ok so you are convinced the current notation is preferable sipa? You were convinced by roconnor arguments
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352680' id='368251'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368251'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:18:00Z'>19:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
well i changed the PR in response to them!
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352680' id='368252'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368252'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:18:00Z'>19:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
so yes
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352680' id='368253'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368253'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:18:00Z'>19:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Ok just checking that <b>*that*</b> is final ;) Thanks
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352740' id='368254'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368254'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:19:00Z'>19:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
it&#x27;s also already merged, fwiw
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352740' id='368255'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368255'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:19:00Z'>19:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
#21365 isn&#x27;t?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352740' id='368256'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368256'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:19:00Z'>19:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21365" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21365</a> | Basic Taproot signing support for descriptor wallets by sipa · Pull Request #21365 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352740' id='368257'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368257'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:19:00Z'>19:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
yes but that doesn&#x27;t change anything w.r.t. the descripotrs
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352740' id='368258'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368258'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:19:00Z'>19:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
*descriptors
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352800' id='368259'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368259'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:20:00Z'>19:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
michaelfolkson: #22051 implemented the descriptors
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352800' id='368260'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368260'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:20:00Z'>19:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22051" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22051</a> | Basic Taproot derivation support for descriptors by sipa · Pull Request #22051 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352800' id='368261'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368261'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:20:00Z'>19:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Hmm I&#x27;m confused. roconnor&#x27;s argument was on #22051
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352800' id='368262'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368262'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:20:00Z'>19:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22051" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22051</a> | Basic Taproot derivation support for descriptors by sipa · Pull Request #22051 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352800' id='368263'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368263'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:20:00Z'>19:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Doesn&#x27;t matter
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352860' id='368264'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368264'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:21:00Z'>19:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
*on #21365
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352860' id='368265'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368265'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:21:00Z'>19:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21365" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21365</a> | Basic Taproot signing support for descriptor wallets by sipa · Pull Request #21365 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352860' id='368266'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368266'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:21:00Z'>19:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> meshcollider</span>&gt;
michaelfolkson: 22051 was split out of 21365
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352920' id='368267'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368267'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:22:00Z'>19:22</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Ah ok, thanks
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352980' id='368268'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368268'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:23:00Z'>19:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
any other topics for today?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352980' id='368269'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368269'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:23:00Z'>19:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
#endmeeting
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352980' id='368270'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368270'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:23:00Z'>19:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
topic: Bitcoin Core development discussion and commit log | Feel free to watch, but please take commentary and usage questions to #bitcoin | Channel logs: <a href="http://www.erisian.com.au/bitcoin-core-dev/" class="link" target="_blank">http://www.erisian.com.au/bitcoin-core-dev/</a>, <a href="http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/" class="link" target="_blank">http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/</a> | Meeting topics <a href="http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedmeetingtopics.txt" class="link" target="_blank">http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedmeetingtopics.txt</a> / <a href="http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedwalletmeetingtopics.txt" class="link" target="_blank">http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedwalletmeetingtopics.txt</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352980' id='368271'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368271'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:23:00Z'>19:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
Meeting ended Thu Jun 10 19:23:48 2021 UTC.  
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623352980' id='368272'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368272'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:23:00Z'>19:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
Minutes:        <a href="https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/ircmeetings/logs/bitcoin-core-dev/2021/bitcoin-core-dev.2021-06-10-19.00.moin.txt" class="link" target="_blank">https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/ircmeetings/logs/bitcoin-core-dev/2021/bitcoin-core-dev.2021-06-10-19.00.moin.txt</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623353880' id='368273'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368273'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T19:38:00Z'>19:38</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623361380' id='368274'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368274'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T21:43:00Z'>21:43</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] ryanofsky opened pull request #22214: refactor: Rearrange fillPSBT arguments (master...pr/ipc-fill) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22214" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22214</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623361620' id='368275'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368275'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T21:47:00Z'>21:47</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] ryanofsky opened pull request #22215: refactor: Add FoundBlock.found member (master...pr/ipc-found) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22215" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22215</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623362580' id='368276'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368276'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T22:03:00Z'>22:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] ryanofsky opened pull request #22216: refactor: Make SetupServerArgs callable without NodeContext (master...pr/ipc-sargs) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22216" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22216</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623362940' id='368277'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368277'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T22:09:00Z'>22:09</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] ryanofsky opened pull request #22217: refactor: Avoid wallet code writing node settings file (master...pr/ipc-wset) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22217" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22217</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623363180' id='368278'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368278'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T22:13:00Z'>22:13</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] ryanofsky opened pull request #22218: multiprocess: Add ipc::Context and ipc::capnp::Context structs (master...pr/ipc-ctx) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22218" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22218</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623363540' id='368279'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368279'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T22:19:00Z'>22:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] ryanofsky opened pull request #22219: multiprocess: Start using init makeNode, makeChain, etc methods (master...pr/ipc-make) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22219" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22219</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623363720' id='368280'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368280'><time timestamp='2021-06-10T22:22:00Z'>22:22</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
m-m-m-mega pullrequest
<br>
</div>

</div>
</section>

</body>
</html>
