<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<title>
#bitcoin-core-dev
 on 2021-02-18
 — 
searchable irc log
</title>
<meta charset='utf-8'>
<meta content='IE=9' http-equiv='X-UA-Compatible'>
<link href='/style-light.css' id='stylesheet' rel='stylesheet'>
<link href='/favicon.png' rel='shortcut icon'>
<link href='http://chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-18' rel='canonical'>
<meta content='channel #bitcoin-core-dev IRC chat logs' name='description'>
<script src='/jquery.min.js'></script>
<script src='/jquery.ba-hashchange.min.js'></script>
<script src='/cookies.min.js'></script>
<script src='/application.js'></script>
<body>
<section id='sidebar'>
<section id='calendar'>
<pre class='clock'>17:16 UTC</pre>
<pre><a href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-01-18">&lt;</a><span class='header'>  February 2021   </span><a href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-03-18">&gt;</a>&#x000A;<span class='header'>Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa  </span>&#x000A;    <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-01">1</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-02">2</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-03">3</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-04">4</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-05">5</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-06">6</a>  &#x000A; <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-07">7</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-08">8</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-09">9</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-10">10</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-11">11</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-12">12</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-13">13</a>  &#x000A;<a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-14">14</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-15">15</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-16">16</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-17">17</a> <a class="current" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-18">18</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-19">19</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-20">20</a>  &#x000A;<a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-21">21</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-22">22</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-23">23</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-24">24</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-25">25</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-26">26</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-27">27</a>  &#x000A;<a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-02-28">28</a></pre>
</section>
<section id='options'>
<form action='/bitcoin-core-dev/search'>
<input id='search-box' name='q' placeholder='Enter keywords'>
<input type='submit' value='Search'>
<br/>
<br/>
<p>This is a searchable archive of <a href=/bitcoin-core-dev>#bitcoin-core-dev</a> irc</p>
<br/>
<small>
<b>Examples</b>
<br/>
<a href="http://bitcoin-irc.chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/search?q=bitcoin">bitcoin</a>
<a href="http://bitcoin-irc.chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/search?q=*BIP*">*BIP*</a><br/>
<a href="http://bitcoin-irc.chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/search?q=%22bitcoin-git%22">bitcoin-git</a><br/>
<a href="http://bitcoin-irc.chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/search?q=%22core-meetingbot%22">core-meetingbot</a>
<br/>
<br/>
</small>
<small>Search supports standard MySQL <a href="https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/fulltext-boolean.html">fulltext search operations</a></small>
<br/>
<br/>
<small>Click on the timestamp of a message for a sharable link</small>
<br/>
<br/>
<small>Message timestamps are in UTC</small>
<br/>
<br/>
<small>This archive is hosted by <a href="http://chaincode.com">Chaincode</a> and runs on <a href="https://github.com/whitequark/irclogger">irclogger</a></small>
<br/>
</form>
</section>
</section>
<section class='without-noise' data-channel='#bitcoin-core-dev' id='log'>
<aside id='log-panel'>
<a href='#' id='light_dark'></a>
<label for='filter'>
Filter:
</label>
<input id='filter'>
<span class='clear-input' id='clear_filter' style='display:none'></span>
<div class='input-group'>
<input id='show_noise' type='checkbox'>
<label for='show_noise'>
Show join/leave messages
</label>
</div>
</aside>
<div class='log-messages with-panel'>
<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613618820' id='355296'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355296'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T03:27:00Z'>03:27</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[gui] jarolrod opened pull request #211: qt: Remove Transactionview Edit Label Action (master...remove-transactionview-editlabel) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin-core/gui/pull/211" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin-core/gui/pull/211</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613631300' id='355297'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355297'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T06:55:00Z'>06:55</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] MarcoFalke pushed 4 commits to master: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/372dd8da2475...cd66d8b1d8b5" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/372dd8da2475...cd66d8b1d8b5</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613631300' id='355298'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355298'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T06:55:00Z'>06:55</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 63d4ee1 Sebastian Falbesoner: refactor: iterate arrays via C++11 range-based for loops if idx is not nee...
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613631300' id='355299'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355299'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T06:55:00Z'>06:55</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 365539c Sebastian Falbesoner: refactor: init vectors via std::{begin,end} to avoid pointer arithmetic
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613631300' id='355300'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355300'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T06:55:00Z'>06:55</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master e829c9a Sebastian Falbesoner: refactor: replace sizeof(a)/sizeof(a[0]) by std::size (C++17)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613631300' id='355301'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355301'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T06:55:00Z'>06:55</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] MarcoFalke merged pull request #20429: refactor: replace (sizeof(a)/sizeof(a[0])) with C++17 std::size (master...20201119-refactor-replace-sizeof-by-std_size) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/20429" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/20429</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613637660' id='355302'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355302'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:41:00Z'>08:41</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] jonasschnelli pushed 7 commits to master: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/cd66d8b1d8b5...9017d55e7c32" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/cd66d8b1d8b5...9017d55e7c32</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613637660' id='355303'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355303'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:41:00Z'>08:41</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 6abe9f5 Jonas Schnelli: Allow blockfilter in conjunction with prune
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613637660' id='355304'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355304'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:41:00Z'>08:41</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 00d57ff Jonas Schnelli: Avoid accessing nullpointer in BaseIndex::GetSummary()
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613637660' id='355305'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355305'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:41:00Z'>08:41</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 5e11226 Jonas Schnelli: Avoid pruning below the blockfilterindex sync height
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613637660' id='355306'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355306'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:41:00Z'>08:41</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] jonasschnelli merged pull request #15946: Allow maintaining the blockfilterindex when using prune (master...2019/05/prune_blockfilter) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/15946" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/15946</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613637960' id='355307'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355307'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:46:00Z'>08:46</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-5'> vasild</span>&gt;
MarcoFalke: it looks like your gpg key expired in Sep 2020
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613638260' id='355308'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355308'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:51:00Z'>08:51</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] meshcollider pushed 5 commits to master: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/9017d55e7c32...db656db2ed5a" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/9017d55e7c32...db656db2ed5a</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613638260' id='355309'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355309'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:51:00Z'>08:51</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 9be1437 Andrew Chow: descriptors: Add ToNormalizedString and tests
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613638260' id='355310'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355310'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:51:00Z'>08:51</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master bbe4a36 Andrew Chow: wallet: Add GetDescriptorString to DescriptorScriptPubKeyMan
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613638260' id='355311'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355311'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:51:00Z'>08:51</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master e4ac869 Andrew Chow: rpc: Add parent descriptor to getaddressinfo output
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613638320' id='355312'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355312'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:52:00Z'>08:52</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] meshcollider merged pull request #19136: wallet: add parent_desc to getaddressinfo (master...export-descriptor) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/19136" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/19136</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613638320' id='355313'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355313'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:52:00Z'>08:52</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> jonasschnelli</span>&gt;
meshcollider: I think you should add the GUI repository as your push mirror
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613638380' id='355314'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355314'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:53:00Z'>08:53</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> jonasschnelli</span>&gt;
meshcollider: just add &quot;githubmerge.pushmirrors=git@github.com:bitcoin-core/gui.git&quot; to your git config (the merge script will pick this up)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613638560' id='355315'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355315'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T08:56:00Z'>08:56</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> meshcollider</span>&gt;
Oh oops, sure, thanks
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613639100' id='355316'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355316'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T09:05:00Z'>09:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> meshcollider</span>&gt;
Review beg for #16546 please
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613639100' id='355317'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355317'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T09:05:00Z'>09:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/16546" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/16546</a> | External signer support - Wallet Box edition by Sjors · Pull Request #16546 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613639100' id='355318'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355318'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T09:05:00Z'>09:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> meshcollider</span>&gt;
It is getting very close to being ready, and its a nice PR to review despite its size
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613643120' id='355319'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355319'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T10:12:00Z'>10:12</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] jnewbery opened pull request #21221: [tools] Allow argument/parameter bin packing in clang-format (master...2021-02-bin-pack-args) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21221" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21221</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613650380' id='355320'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355320'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T12:13:00Z'>12:13</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
meshcollider: I think it&#x27;s almost ready for merge
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613650380' id='355321'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355321'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T12:13:00Z'>12:13</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
would be nice to make --enable-external-signer fail if boost::process cannot be found, but my other comment isn&#x27;t meant as blocking
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613653320' id='355322'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355322'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T13:02:00Z'>13:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] laanwj pushed 7 commits to master: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/db656db2ed5a...860f9168034f" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/db656db2ed5a...860f9168034f</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613653320' id='355323'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355323'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T13:02:00Z'>13:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 6523111 John Newbery: [test] Move MIN_VERSION_SUPPORTED to p2p.py
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613653320' id='355324'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355324'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T13:02:00Z'>13:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 7e158a6 John Newbery: [test] Move MY_VERSION to p2p.py
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613653320' id='355325'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355325'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T13:02:00Z'>13:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master 9b4054c John Newbery: [test] Move MY_SUBVERSION to p2p.py
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613653380' id='355326'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355326'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T13:03:00Z'>13:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] laanwj merged pull request #20524: test: Move MIN_VERSION_SUPPORTED to p2p.py (master...2020-11-subversion-string) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/20524" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/20524</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613653920' id='355327'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355327'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T13:12:00Z'>13:12</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] MarcoFalke opened pull request #21222: log: Clarify log message when file does not exist (master...2102-logFile) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21222" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21222</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613655360' id='355328'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355328'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T13:36:00Z'>13:36</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] vasild opened pull request #21223: style: make clang-format break long lines (master...clang-format-ColumnLimit) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21223" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21223</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613655480' id='355329'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355329'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T13:38:00Z'>13:38</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] laanwj pushed 2 commits to master: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/860f9168034f...b805dbb0b9c9" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/860f9168034f...b805dbb0b9c9</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613655480' id='355330'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355330'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T13:38:00Z'>13:38</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master b4511e2 practicalswift: log: Prefix log messages with function name if -logsourcelocations is set
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613655480' id='355331'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355331'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T13:38:00Z'>13:38</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master b805dbb Wladimir J. van der Laan: Merge #19809: log: Prefix log messages with function name and source code ...
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613655480' id='355332'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355332'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T13:38:00Z'>13:38</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] laanwj merged pull request #19809: log: Prefix log messages with function name and source code location if -logsourcelocations is set (master...logfunctionnames) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/19809" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/19809</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613655540' id='355333'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355333'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T13:39:00Z'>13:39</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> provoostenator</span>&gt;
meshcollider: thanks for the shout out. wumpus: I&#x27;m fixing the boost::process rebase glitch now
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613657700' id='355334'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355334'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T14:15:00Z'>14:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] ariard opened pull request #21224: [p2p] Halt processing of unrequested transactions (master...2021-02-halt-processing-unrequested) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21224" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21224</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613661240' id='355335'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355335'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T15:14:00Z'>15:14</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] jonatack closed pull request #21181: p2p: if no anchors.dat file, log a message instead of an error (master...log-message-instead-of-error-if-missing-anchors) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21181" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21181</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613666220' id='355336'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355336'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T16:37:00Z'>16:37</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> fanquake</span>&gt;
meshcollider: please don’t merge yet. I’d like to leave a few comments in regards to #ifdefs.
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613669880' id='355337'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355337'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T17:38:00Z'>17:38</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] antanst opened pull request #21225: doc: Remove dead whitepaper link from README (master...doc_remove_whitepaper_link) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21225" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21225</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613672640' id='355338'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355338'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T18:24:00Z'>18:24</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] wodry closed pull request #21102: Log: Add debug log category tag (master...log-debug-category) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21102" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21102</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613673480' id='355339'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355339'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T18:38:00Z'>18:38</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] danben opened pull request #21226: build: Fix fuzz binary compilation under windows (master...compile-fuzz-binary-windows) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21226" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21226</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674500' id='355340'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355340'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T18:55:00Z'>18:55</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
fanquake: I think your &quot;changes requested&quot; on #16546 is outdated now
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674500' id='355341'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355341'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T18:55:00Z'>18:55</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/16546" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/16546</a> | External signer support - Wallet Box edition by Sjors · Pull Request #16546 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674680' id='355342'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355342'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T18:58:00Z'>18:58</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
&gt; [09:46] &lt;vasild&gt; MarcoFalke: it looks like your gpg key expired in Sep 2020
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674680' id='355343'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355343'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T18:58:00Z'>18:58</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
Oh it did? Maybe the keyservers didn&#x27;t pick up the new one?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674800' id='355344'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355344'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> darosior</span>&gt;
MarcoFalke: +1, tried to to pull it too without luck
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674800' id='355345'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355345'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> meshcollider</span>&gt;
fanquake: sweet as, yeah I don&#x27;t think it&#x27;s <b>*quite*</b> ready yet but hopefully in the next week 
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674800' id='355346'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355346'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
<a href="https://keys.openpgp.org/vks/v1/by-fingerprint/B8B3F1C0E58C15DB6A81D30C3648A882F4316B9B" class="link" target="_blank">https://keys.openpgp.org/vks/v1/by-fingerprint/B8B3F1C0E58C15DB6A81D30C3648A882F4316B9B</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674800' id='355347'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355347'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
#startmeeting
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674800' id='355348'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355348'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
Meeting started Thu Feb 18 19:00:29 2021 UTC.  The chair is wumpus. Information about MeetBot at <a href="https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/ircmeetings" class="link" target="_blank">https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/ircmeetings</a>.
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674800' id='355349'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355349'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
Available commands: action commands idea info link nick
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674800' id='355350'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355350'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674800' id='355351'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355351'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674800' id='355352'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355352'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> warren</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674800' id='355353'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355353'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674800' id='355354'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355354'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> glozow</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674800' id='355355'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355355'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:00:00Z'>19:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
#bitcoin-core-dev Meeting: achow101 aj amiti ariard bluematt cfields Chris_Stewart_5 digi_james dongcarl elichai2 emilengler fanquake fjahr gleb glozow gmaxwell gwillen hebasto instagibbs jamesob jb55 jeremyrubin jl2012 jnewbery jonasschnelli jonatack jtimon kallewoof kanzure kvaciral lightlike luke-jr maaku marcofalke meshcollider michagogo moneyball morcos nehan NicolasDorier paveljanik
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674860' id='355356'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355356'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:01:00Z'>19:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
petertodd phantomcircuit promag provoostenator ryanofsky sdaftuar sipa vasild wumpus
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674860' id='355357'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355357'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:01:00Z'>19:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> fanquake</span>&gt;
HI
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674860' id='355358'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355358'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:01:00Z'>19:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674860' id='355359'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355359'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:01:00Z'>19:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> meshcollider</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674860' id='355360'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355360'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:01:00Z'>19:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
no proposed meeting topics in <a href="http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedmeetingtopics.txt" class="link" target="_blank">http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedmeetingtopics.txt</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674860' id='355361'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355361'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:01:00Z'>19:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
fanquake !!!
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674860' id='355362'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355362'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:01:00Z'>19:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
any last minute proposals?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674860' id='355363'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355363'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:01:00Z'>19:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> fanquake</span>&gt;
MarcoFalke: !!
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674920' id='355364'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355364'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
So many Australians lately
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674920' id='355365'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355365'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> fjahr</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674920' id='355366'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355366'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674920' id='355367'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355367'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
#topic High priority for review
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674920' id='355368'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355368'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
topic: High priority for review
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674920' id='355369'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355369'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
proposed topic: would we merge a proposal from the taproot activation meetings?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674920' id='355370'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355370'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:02:00Z'>19:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/projects/8" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/projects/8</a>  has 6 blockers, no bugfixes, 2 chasing concept ACK
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674980' id='355371'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355371'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:03:00Z'>19:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> jnewbery</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674980' id='355372'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355372'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:03:00Z'>19:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
anything to add/remove/ready for merge? (except for #16546 which is almost there)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674980' id='355373'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355373'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:03:00Z'>19:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/16546" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/16546</a> | External signer support - Wallet Box edition by Sjors · Pull Request #16546 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613674980' id='355374'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355374'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:03:00Z'>19:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> midnight</span>&gt;
HI!
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675100' id='355375'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355375'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> glozow</span>&gt;
can i haz #21146 please? I need for #20833
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675100' id='355376'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355376'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21146" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21146</a> | validation/coins: limit MemPoolAccept access to coins cache + make it responsible for uncaching by glozow · Pull Request #21146 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675100' id='355377'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355377'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/20833" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/20833</a> | rpc/validation: enable packages through testmempoolaccept by glozow · Pull Request #20833 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675100' id='355378'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355378'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> fanquake</span>&gt;
I would like to leave a few comments on #16546 yet. (tomorrow)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675100' id='355379'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355379'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/16546" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/16546</a> | External signer support - Wallet Box edition by Sjors · Pull Request #16546 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675100' id='355380'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355380'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
can i hax #20556? It is blocking my progress on rpc docs
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675100' id='355381'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355381'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/20556" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/20556</a> | rpc: Properly document return values (submitblock, gettxout, getblocktemplate, scantxoutset) by MarcoFalke · Pull Request #20556 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675100' id='355382'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355382'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
glozow: added
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675100' id='355383'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355383'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> glozow</span>&gt;
wumpus: thank you!
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675160' id='355384'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355384'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:06:00Z'>19:06</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
MarcoFalke: added
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675160' id='355385'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355385'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:06:00Z'>19:06</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
thx!
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675220' id='355386'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355386'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:07:00Z'>19:07</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
anything else?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675220' id='355387'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355387'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:07:00Z'>19:07</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
we&#x27;ve been almost running out of blockers this week :)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675340' id='355388'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355388'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:09:00Z'>19:09</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
#topic would we merge a proposal from the taproot activation meetings (achow101)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675340' id='355389'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355389'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:09:00Z'>19:09</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
topic: would we merge a proposal from the taproot activation meetings (achow101)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675340' id='355390'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355390'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:09:00Z'>19:09</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
A question that came up during the taproot activation meetings was whether we would merge whatever activation parameters were decided
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675340' id='355391'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355391'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:09:00Z'>19:09</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
notably the question was whether a lockinontimeout=true parameter would be merged
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675400' id='355392'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355392'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sdaftuar</span>&gt;
that seems like an odd question -- woulnd&#x27;t we just follow our usual practice of review and discussion?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675400' id='355393'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355393'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
achow101: also questionable if LOT=false would be merged
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675400' id='355394'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355394'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> fjahr</span>&gt;
I guess someone can open a PR with the meeting results as an argument and then it goes through review?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675400' id='355395'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355395'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
right, simply PR it
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675400' id='355396'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355396'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> provoostenator</span>&gt;
(hi)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675400' id='355397'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355397'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
sdaftuar: protocol changes are not for developers to decide, only follow; same as with miners
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675400' id='355398'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355398'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
I have no doubt that the code itself would go through the normal review process
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675460' id='355399'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355399'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:11:00Z'>19:11</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sdaftuar</span>&gt;
luke-jr: no one here is obligated to accept decisions from anyone else
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675460' id='355400'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355400'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:11:00Z'>19:11</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
I suppose what I&#x27;m asking is more of would developers have opinions about the parameters themself
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675460' id='355401'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355401'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:11:00Z'>19:11</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
that would prevent the merging of the params if all the code was fine
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675460' id='355402'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355402'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:11:00Z'>19:11</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
no, i have no opinions about that
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675460' id='355403'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355403'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:11:00Z'>19:11</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
sdaftuar: to implement a protocol distinct from what the Bitcoin community defines for Bitcoin would constitute ceasing to be a Bitcoin implementation
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675460' id='355404'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355404'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:11:00Z'>19:11</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> provoostenator</span>&gt;
achow101: no floats
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675460' id='355405'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355405'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:11:00Z'>19:11</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
provoostenator: lol ☺
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675520' id='355406'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355406'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:12:00Z'>19:12</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] fanquake closed pull request #21225: doc: Remove dead whitepaper link from README (master...doc_remove_whitepaper_link) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21225" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21225</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675520' id='355407'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355407'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:12:00Z'>19:12</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
I&#x27;d like to make clear that multiple Bitcoin Core contributors effectively NACKed lot=true in the meeting and as far as I could make out only one Bitcoin Core contributor effectively NACKed lot=false
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675580' id='355408'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355408'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:13:00Z'>19:13</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sdaftuar</span>&gt;
luke-jr: PRs that have consensus get merged. i don&#x27;t understand what we are discussing -- proposing that we merge something that doens&#x27;t have consensus?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675640' id='355409'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355409'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:14:00Z'>19:14</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> meshcollider</span>&gt;
I don&#x27;t think there&#x27;s any world in which this won&#x27;t be a controversial PR somehow
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675640' id='355410'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355410'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:14:00Z'>19:14</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
sdaftuar: Segwit did not have consensus.
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675640' id='355411'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355411'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:14:00Z'>19:14</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> provoostenator</span>&gt;
(off topic: feature_blockfilterindex_prune.py is consistently failing on master for macOS CI)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675640' id='355412'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355412'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:14:00Z'>19:14</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
just open a PR, details can be discussed there
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675640' id='355413'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355413'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:14:00Z'>19:14</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
provoostenator: File an issue? ;)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675700' id='355414'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355414'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:15:00Z'>19:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> provoostenator</span>&gt;
So much for &quot;once we get rid of Travis, paradise&quot;
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675700' id='355415'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355415'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:15:00Z'>19:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> provoostenator</span>&gt;
Doing so
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675700' id='355416'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355416'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:15:00Z'>19:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
O.O
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675700' id='355417'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355417'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:15:00Z'>19:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> jonasschnelli</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675700' id='355418'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355418'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:15:00Z'>19:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
provoostenator: Bugs in our tests can&#x27;t be fixed by the platform the run on
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675700' id='355419'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355419'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:15:00Z'>19:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> MarcoFalke</span>&gt;
*they
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675760' id='355420'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355420'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:16:00Z'>19:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> jeremyrubin</span>&gt;
things like &quot;timeout lack of output&quot; can be tho tbf
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675820' id='355421'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355421'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:17:00Z'>19:17</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> jeremyrubin</span>&gt;
but I guess it&#x27;s semantic on what you consider the bug in the test
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675820' id='355422'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355422'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:17:00Z'>19:17</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
all we can do is fix it and prioritise review of the fix
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675820' id='355423'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355423'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:17:00Z'>19:17</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
sdaftuar: my question is to inform whether, during the taproot activation meetings, we should be considering whether the activation parameters that get decided on would not be merged due to opinions of those parameters by developers who were not present in those meetings
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675820' id='355424'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355424'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:17:00Z'>19:17</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sdaftuar</span>&gt;
achow101: i would think that the whole community&#x27;s views should be considered, including those of people not present
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675880' id='355425'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355425'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:18:00Z'>19:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
The advice given (I think by achow101) was that if Core contributors had strong views either way they would have attended the meeting. I don&#x27;t think this is necessarily the case if they didn&#x27;t think it was a productive use of time
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675880' id='355426'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355426'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:18:00Z'>19:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
i agree they should be considered, but I don&#x27;t think that they should be only considered at the time a pr is proposed
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675940' id='355427'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355427'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:19:00Z'>19:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
sdaftuar: but refusing to speak up publicly, either there or here, makes that impractical ;)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675940' id='355428'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355428'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:19:00Z'>19:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> jeremyrubin</span>&gt;
as someone who was not present, but has a view, I felt that I&#x27;ve made my views relatibvely clear beforehand and did not need to attend a meeting
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675940' id='355429'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355429'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:19:00Z'>19:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
and such an opinion could nack that pr and cause it to not be merged
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675940' id='355430'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355430'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:19:00Z'>19:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
jeremyrubin: I have no idea what your views are fwiw
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675940' id='355431'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355431'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:19:00Z'>19:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Tbf I haven&#x27;t heard your view either on LOT jeremyrubin
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613675940' id='355432'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355432'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:19:00Z'>19:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> jeremyrubin</span>&gt;
Ok
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676000' id='355433'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355433'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:20:00Z'>19:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
and I doubt most at the meetings did
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676000' id='355434'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355434'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:20:00Z'>19:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> jeremyrubin</span>&gt;
I&#x27;m just lending credence to the notion that non participation at the meeting != would have attended meeting
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676060' id='355435'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355435'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:21:00Z'>19:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Basically strong views exist but they weren&#x27;t present to voice them at the meeting (I&#x27;m hearing)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676060' id='355436'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355436'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:21:00Z'>19:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Which is fine, that is what I assumed
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676180' id='355437'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355437'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:23:00Z'>19:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
(otoh even among the ~100 who did go to the meeting, consensus seems impractical, so I&#x27;m not sure adding more people to the mix is going to help anything at this point)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676180' id='355438'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355438'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:23:00Z'>19:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
What I want to avoid is having activation parameters be proposed in a pr that gets shot down by someone with strong opinions who didn&#x27;t participate in various discussions about those parameters
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676240' id='355439'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355439'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:24:00Z'>19:24</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Again, I can only voice my personal opinion from what I&#x27;ve heard so far which is if LOT is going to be set in Core the only viable option at this stage is false (based on effective NACKs)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676240' id='355440'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355440'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:24:00Z'>19:24</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
i don&#x27;t think you can avoid that in practice, if you open a PR there&#x27;s going to be discussion there
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676300' id='355441'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355441'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:25:00Z'>19:25</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
no one can pre-bless anything
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676300' id='355442'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355442'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:25:00Z'>19:25</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> jeremyrubin</span>&gt;
I think that if something is to be read as nacked, a PR should just be opened for it so people can leave a formal comment
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676360' id='355443'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355443'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:26:00Z'>19:26</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> provoostenator</span>&gt;
I think IRC meetings are good for brainstorming and maybe exchanging some ideas, but mailinglist seems more appropriate
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676360' id='355444'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355444'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:26:00Z'>19:26</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
provoostenator: Agreed, strong views welcome on the mailing list
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676420' id='355445'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355445'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:27:00Z'>19:27</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sdaftuar</span>&gt;
achow101: i think if a proposal really has consensus this should not be a big concern. details can be worked out if a proposal is fundamentally reasonable. just my two cents.
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676540' id='355446'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355446'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:29:00Z'>19:29</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
are there such disparete, incompatible ideas about activation parameters then, that there&#x27;s fear no one will find agreement?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676600' id='355447'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355447'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:30:00Z'>19:30</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
wumpus: it seems there is consensus on everything except LOT
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676660' id='355448'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355448'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:31:00Z'>19:31</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
(which is fairly even split)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676660' id='355449'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355449'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:31:00Z'>19:31</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
luke-jr wumpus: Again in terms of effective NACKs from Core contributors it was more one sided in favor of LOT=false
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676660' id='355450'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355450'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:31:00Z'>19:31</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
right
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676720' id='355451'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355451'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:32:00Z'>19:32</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
But agreed, no clear community consensus
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676720' id='355452'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355452'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:32:00Z'>19:32</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
it didn&#x27;t seem it would be so difficult for taproot
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676720' id='355453'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355453'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:32:00Z'>19:32</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
I don&#x27;t think it&#x27;s even related to taproot itself at this point
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676780' id='355454'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355454'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:33:00Z'>19:33</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
i suppose everyone discussing activation parameters at leas has in common that they want it activated :)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676780' id='355455'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355455'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:33:00Z'>19:33</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> jeremyrubin</span>&gt;
luke-jr: sorry was looking for my last comments; back on july 17th 2020 I agreed that LOT=true makes much more sense
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676840' id='355456'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355456'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:34:00Z'>19:34</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> jeremyrubin</span>&gt;
i haven&#x27;t seen any arguments since then to have changed my mind substantially 
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676840' id='355457'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355457'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:34:00Z'>19:34</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> jeremyrubin</span>&gt;
(in ##taproot-activation)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676840' id='355458'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355458'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:34:00Z'>19:34</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Lots of light support for LOT=true in the meeting too jeremyrubin. Would you effectively NACK LOT=false?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676840' id='355459'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355459'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:34:00Z'>19:34</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
can we keep the discussion itself elsewhere?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676900' id='355460'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355460'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:35:00Z'>19:35</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Sure. To ##taproot-activation if you have views
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676900' id='355461'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355461'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:35:00Z'>19:35</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
someone come up with a proposal, send it to the list, and open a PR
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676900' id='355462'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355462'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:35:00Z'>19:35</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
yes
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613676900' id='355463'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355463'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:35:00Z'>19:35</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
any other topics?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613677020' id='355464'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355464'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:37:00Z'>19:37</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> wumpus</span>&gt;
#endmeeting
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613677020' id='355465'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355465'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:37:00Z'>19:37</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
topic: Bitcoin Core development discussion and commit log | Feel free to watch, but please take commentary and usage questions to #bitcoin | Channel logs: <a href="http://www.erisian.com.au/bitcoin-core-dev/" class="link" target="_blank">http://www.erisian.com.au/bitcoin-core-dev/</a>, <a href="http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/" class="link" target="_blank">http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/</a> | Meeting topics <a href="http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedmeetingtopics.txt" class="link" target="_blank">http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedmeetingtopics.txt</a> / <a href="http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedwalletmeetingtopics.txt" class="link" target="_blank">http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedwalletmeetingtopics.txt</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613677020' id='355466'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355466'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:37:00Z'>19:37</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
Meeting ended Thu Feb 18 19:37:06 2021 UTC.  
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613677020' id='355467'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355467'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:37:00Z'>19:37</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
Minutes:        <a href="https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/ircmeetings/logs/bitcoin-core-dev/2021/bitcoin-core-dev.2021-02-18-19.00.moin.txt" class="link" target="_blank">https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/ircmeetings/logs/bitcoin-core-dev/2021/bitcoin-core-dev.2021-02-18-19.00.moin.txt</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613677020' id='355468'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355468'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:37:00Z'>19:37</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> warren</span>&gt;
I might have missed something but was there a TODO list for switching to guix for 0.22?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613677020' id='355469'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355469'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:37:00Z'>19:37</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] jonasschnelli opened pull request #21228: Avoid comparision of integers with different signs (master...2021/02/minertest_U_fix) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21228" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21228</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613677020' id='355470'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355470'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:37:00Z'>19:37</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
warren: I think that was at last meeting
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613677080' id='355471'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355471'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:38:00Z'>19:38</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
[ot] perseverance landing on mars in about an hour, live stream now: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm0b_ijaYMQ" class="link" target="_blank">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm0b_ijaYMQ</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613677080' id='355472'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355472'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:38:00Z'>19:38</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-16'> luke-jr</span>&gt;
although after struggling with Guix for a few more days after that, I don&#x27;t see the point, it seems to only have negatives, no real improvements in practice
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613677080' id='355473'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355473'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:38:00Z'>19:38</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
spaaaaaaaace
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1613677560' id='355474'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#355474'><time timestamp='2021-02-18T19:46:00Z'>19:46</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] MarcoFalke opened pull request #21230: test: Fix NODE_NETWORK_LIMITED_MIN_BLOCKS disconnection (master...2102-testFix) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21230" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21230</a>
<br>
</div>

</div>
</section>

</body>
</html>
