<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<title>
#bitcoin-core-dev
 on 2021-06-15
 — 
searchable irc log
</title>
<meta charset='utf-8'>
<meta content='IE=9' http-equiv='X-UA-Compatible'>
<link href='/style-light.css' id='stylesheet' rel='stylesheet'>
<link href='/favicon.png' rel='shortcut icon'>
<link href='http://chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-15' rel='canonical'>
<meta content='channel #bitcoin-core-dev IRC chat logs' name='description'>
<script src='/jquery.min.js'></script>
<script src='/jquery.ba-hashchange.min.js'></script>
<script src='/cookies.min.js'></script>
<script src='/application.js'></script>
<body>
<section id='sidebar'>
<section id='calendar'>
<pre class='clock'>17:16 UTC</pre>
<pre><a href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-05-15">&lt;</a><span class='header'>    June 2021     </span><a href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-07-15">&gt;</a>&#x000A;<span class='header'>Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa  </span>&#x000A;       <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-01">1</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-02">2</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-03">3</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-04">4</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-05">5</a>  &#x000A; <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-06">6</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-07">7</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-08">8</a>  <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-09">9</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-10">10</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-11">11</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-12">12</a>  &#x000A;<a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-13">13</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-14">14</a> <a class="current" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-15">15</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-16">16</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-17">17</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-18">18</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-19">19</a>  &#x000A;<a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-20">20</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-21">21</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-22">22</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-23">23</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-24">24</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-25">25</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-26">26</a>  &#x000A;<a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-27">27</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-28">28</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-29">29</a> <a class="" href="/bitcoin-core-dev/2021-06-30">30</a></pre>
</section>
<section id='options'>
<form action='/bitcoin-core-dev/search'>
<input id='search-box' name='q' placeholder='Enter keywords'>
<input type='submit' value='Search'>
<br/>
<br/>
<p>This is a searchable archive of <a href=/bitcoin-core-dev>#bitcoin-core-dev</a> irc</p>
<br/>
<small>
<b>Examples</b>
<br/>
<a href="http://bitcoin-irc.chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/search?q=bitcoin">bitcoin</a>
<a href="http://bitcoin-irc.chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/search?q=*BIP*">*BIP*</a><br/>
<a href="http://bitcoin-irc.chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/search?q=%22bitcoin-git%22">bitcoin-git</a><br/>
<a href="http://bitcoin-irc.chaincode.com/bitcoin-core-dev/search?q=%22core-meetingbot%22">core-meetingbot</a>
<br/>
<br/>
</small>
<small>Search supports standard MySQL <a href="https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/fulltext-boolean.html">fulltext search operations</a></small>
<br/>
<br/>
<small>Click on the timestamp of a message for a sharable link</small>
<br/>
<br/>
<small>Message timestamps are in UTC</small>
<br/>
<br/>
<small>This archive is hosted by <a href="http://chaincode.com">Chaincode</a> and runs on <a href="https://github.com/whitequark/irclogger">irclogger</a></small>
<br/>
</form>
</section>
</section>
<section class='without-noise' data-channel='#bitcoin-core-dev' id='log'>
<aside id='log-panel'>
<a href='#' id='light_dark'></a>
<label for='filter'>
Filter:
</label>
<input id='filter'>
<span class='clear-input' id='clear_filter' style='display:none'></span>
<div class='input-group'>
<input id='show_noise' type='checkbox'>
<label for='show_noise'>
Show join/leave messages
</label>
</div>
</aside>
<div class='log-messages with-panel'>
<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623719640' id='368555'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368555'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:14:00Z'>01:14</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'> BlueMatt</span>&gt;
Does the bitcoin core windows installer show you the software license?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623719700' id='368556'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368556'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:15:00Z'>01:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> fanquake</span>&gt;
iirc you should be able to see it in the installer somewhere
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623719820' id='368557'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368557'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:17:00Z'>01:17</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'> BlueMatt</span>&gt;
can you provide screenshots?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623719820' id='368558'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368558'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:17:00Z'>01:17</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'> BlueMatt</span>&gt;
or, like, someone with a windowz box
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623719880' id='368559'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368559'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:18:00Z'>01:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
BlueMatt: like the MIT license somewhere?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623719880' id='368560'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368560'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:18:00Z'>01:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> fanquake</span>&gt;
hmm. Just ran through the installer in a VM, didn&#x27;t see license mentioned anywhere
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623719880' id='368561'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368561'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:18:00Z'>01:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'> BlueMatt</span>&gt;
fanquake: thanks
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623719880' id='368562'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368562'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:18:00Z'>01:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'> BlueMatt</span>&gt;
achow101: yes
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623719940' id='368563'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368563'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:19:00Z'>01:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> fanquake</span>&gt;
I does get &quot;installed&quot; somewhere though
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623719940' id='368564'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368564'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:19:00Z'>01:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'> BlueMatt</span>&gt;
yea
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623720000' id='368565'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368565'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:20:00Z'>01:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> fanquake</span>&gt;
NSIS certainly has options for adding a license page, if that&#x27;s something we should add
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623720060' id='368566'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368566'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:21:00Z'>01:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
the license gets put in C:\Program Files\Bitcoin\COPYING.txt
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623720060' id='368567'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368567'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:21:00Z'>01:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
but it isn&#x27;t ever shown
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623720060' id='368568'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368568'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:21:00Z'>01:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'> BlueMatt</span>&gt;
thanks achow101 
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623720120' id='368569'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368569'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:22:00Z'>01:22</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
the gui also has &quot;Help&quot; &gt; &quot;About Bitcoin Core&quot; which has a link to the license on opensource.org
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623720360' id='368570'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368570'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:26:00Z'>01:26</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] fanquake pushed 2 commits to master: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/3f68f02db919...eb63b1db2c4d" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/compare/3f68f02db919...eb63b1db2c4d</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623720360' id='368571'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368571'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:26:00Z'>01:26</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master aab7fd0 Aaron Clauson: Switch Appveyor CI to VS2019 stable image
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623720360' id='368572'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368572'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:26:00Z'>01:26</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
bitcoin/master eb63b1d fanquake: Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#22247: Switch Appveyor CI to VS2019 stable image
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623720360' id='368573'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368573'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:26:00Z'>01:26</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] fanquake merged pull request #22247: Switch Appveyor CI to VS2019 stable image (master...appveyor-image-stable) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22247" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22247</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623720420' id='368574'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368574'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:27:00Z'>01:27</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
achow101: does the loading screen show anything about copyright?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623720480' id='368575'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368575'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T01:28:00Z'>01:28</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
the copyright line is there, but no mention of the license
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623723240' id='368576'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368576'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T02:14:00Z'>02:14</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] fanquake closed pull request #22241: MacOS Monterey(12.0 beta) support confirmed (master...patch-1) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22241" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22241</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623740880' id='368577'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368577'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T07:08:00Z'>07:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
NSIS has a possibility to add an EULA, and some projects use that to show the license, but always found it strange to show an open source license as one, you don&#x27;t need to accept the license to use the software as it doesn&#x27;t impose any instructions on use
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623740880' id='368578'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368578'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T07:08:00Z'>07:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
instructions-&gt;limitations
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623740940' id='368579'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368579'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T07:09:00Z'>07:09</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] S3RK opened pull request #22249: test: kill process group to avoid dangling processes when using `--failfast` (master...test_kill_process_group) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22249" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22249</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623743400' id='368580'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368580'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T07:50:00Z'>07:50</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-5'> vasild</span>&gt;
laanwj: open source licenses usually contain something like &quot;the author is not liable for any damages due to the use of software&quot;
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623743520' id='368581'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368581'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T07:52:00Z'>07:52</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
yes
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623743580' id='368582'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368582'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T07:53:00Z'>07:53</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
i&#x27;m not opposed to showing the license, but treating it as an EULA that you have to agree to before continuing is strange for a FOSS license
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623746100' id='368583'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368583'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T08:35:00Z'>08:35</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> instagibbs_</span>&gt;
elichai2, ok well yes you&#x27;re going to miss messages like that on block connect with such a low watermark
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623749400' id='368584'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368584'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T09:30:00Z'>09:30</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> glozow</span>&gt;
could I ask for a rerun of this CI job please? <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21800/checks?check_run_id=2821522273" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21800/checks?check_run_id=2821522273</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623750060' id='368585'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368585'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T09:41:00Z'>09:41</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
glozow: done
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623750060' id='368586'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368586'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T09:41:00Z'>09:41</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> glozow</span>&gt;
laanwj: thank you! :)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623756540' id='368587'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368587'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T11:29:00Z'>11:29</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-6'> laanwj</span>&gt;
we could use some more review for the taproot signing / descriptor support (#22166, #21365) would be nice to get into 22.0
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623756540' id='368588'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368588'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T11:29:00Z'>11:29</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22166" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22166</a> | Add support for inferring tr() descriptors by sipa · Pull Request #22166 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623756540' id='368589'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368589'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T11:29:00Z'>11:29</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21365" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21365</a> | Basic Taproot signing support for descriptor wallets by sipa · Pull Request #21365 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623759240' id='368590'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368590'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T12:14:00Z'>12:14</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] vasild opened pull request #22250: doc: add basic I2P documentation (master...i2p_doc) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22250" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22250</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623759900' id='368591'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368591'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T12:25:00Z'>12:25</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-5'> vasild</span>&gt;
fanquake: wrt <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22250#issuecomment-861453715" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22250#issuecomment-861453715</a> maybe jonatack meant &quot;can be merged <u>_even_</u> after FF&quot;, i.e. can be merged before or after FF
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623762300' id='368592'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368592'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T13:05:00Z'>13:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] MarcoFalke opened pull request #22251: [WIP] ci: Use cirrus isolation feature (master...2106-ciTest) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22251" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22251</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623762480' id='368593'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368593'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T13:08:00Z'>13:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> fanquake</span>&gt;
vasild: I guess. Documentation can be merged / fixed any time.
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623766200' id='368594'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368594'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T14:10:00Z'>14:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-14'> jonatack</span>&gt;
fanquake: vasild: yes, that&#x27;s what i was trying to say, in case the pull was opened today with urgent intention ;)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623766980' id='368595'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368595'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T14:23:00Z'>14:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] glozow opened pull request #22252: policy: Trim Packages when transaction with same txid exists in mempool (master...2021-06-mempool-matches) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22252" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22252</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623767040' id='368596'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368596'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T14:24:00Z'>14:24</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] glozow opened pull request #22253: [validation/mempool] distinguish between same tx and same nonwitness tx already in mempool (master...2021-06-same-txid-diff-wtxid) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22253" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22253</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623768300' id='368597'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368597'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T14:45:00Z'>14:45</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] MarcoFalke closed pull request #22251: [WIP] ci: Use cirrus isolation feature (master...2106-ciTest) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22251" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22251</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623776520' id='368598'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368598'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:02:00Z'>17:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
Hi folks. As a reminder, we have a p2p meeting scheduled for today in around 4 hours time. If you have any topics that you&#x27;d like to discuss, feel free to add them to the wiki page here: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-devwiki/wiki/P2P-IRC-meetings" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-devwiki/wiki/P2P-IRC-meetings</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777060' id='368599'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368599'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:11:00Z'>17:11</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
As always, feel free to update your own priorities at <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-devwiki/wiki/P2P-Current-Priorities" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-devwiki/wiki/P2P-Current-Priorities</a> to let others know what you&#x27;re working on
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777360' id='368600'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368600'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:16:00Z'>17:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
has #21528 and #22245 be
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777360' id='368601'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368601'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:16:00Z'>17:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21528" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21528</a> | [p2p] Reduce addr blackholes by amitiuttarwar · Pull Request #21528 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777360' id='368602'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368602'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:16:00Z'>17:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22245" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22245</a> | [p2p] Stop sending SENDADDRV2 message to block-relay-only peers by amitiuttarwar · Pull Request #22245 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777360' id='368603'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368603'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:16:00Z'>17:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
has #21528 and #22245 been brought up?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777360' id='368604'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368604'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:16:00Z'>17:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21528" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21528</a> | [p2p] Reduce addr blackholes by amitiuttarwar · Pull Request #21528 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777360' id='368605'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368605'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:16:00Z'>17:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22245" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22245</a> | [p2p] Stop sending SENDADDRV2 message to block-relay-only peers by amitiuttarwar · Pull Request #22245 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777360' id='368606'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368606'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:16:00Z'>17:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
sorry for double-gribbling
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777540' id='368607'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368607'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:19:00Z'>17:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
hi sipa! I was going to give a quick update about 21528, but didn&#x27;t put it as a meeting topic. do you wanna discuss? I&#x27;m happy to put them both on the agenda
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777600' id='368608'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368608'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:20:00Z'>17:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
i saw some discussion with laanwj about bip155 changes, so maybe it&#x27;s useful
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777600' id='368609'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368609'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:20:00Z'>17:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
(i don&#x27;t have much to add myself specifically)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777720' id='368610'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368610'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:22:00Z'>17:22</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
i&#x27;d like to see #22144 and #22147 in 22.0 too, if people want to discuss those
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777720' id='368611'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368611'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:22:00Z'>17:22</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22144" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22144</a> | Randomize message processing peer order by sipa · Pull Request #22144 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623777720' id='368612'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368612'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:22:00Z'>17:22</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22147" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22147</a> | p2p: Protect last outbound HB compact block peer by sdaftuar · Pull Request #22147 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623778020' id='368613'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368613'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:27:00Z'>17:27</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> ariard</span>&gt;
i would be glad to log mines, but i don&#x27;t have w/ access to this board since it has been moved :/
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623778020' id='368614'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368614'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:27:00Z'>17:27</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> ariard</span>&gt;
another reminder, transaction relay workshop a hour and half from now on #l2-onchain-support (19:00 utc)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623778620' id='368615'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368615'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T17:37:00Z'>17:37</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
sipa: ok! I&#x27;ll add as a topic and we can discuss or it&#x27;ll just be a quick update 
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623783900' id='368616'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368616'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> provoostenator</span>&gt;
Can of worms of the day...  #22254
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623783900' id='368617'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368617'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:05:00Z'>19:05</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22254" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22254</a> | Boost::ASIO (used by Boost::Process) uses (falsely?) deprecated std::allocator · Issue #22254 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623783960' id='368618'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368618'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:06:00Z'>19:06</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> provoostenator</span>&gt;
When people start blaming compilers,  I start running.
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784020' id='368619'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368619'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:07:00Z'>19:07</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
What&#x27;s the difference between --enable-fuzz and --enable-fuzz-binary?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784080' id='368620'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368620'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:08:00Z'>19:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> provoostenator</span>&gt;
I think --enable-fuzz is what you need to actually fuzz, but then you don&#x27;t get any of the other binaries.
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784080' id='368621'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368621'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:08:00Z'>19:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> provoostenator</span>&gt;
Whereas --enable-fuzz-binary just makes sure you didn&#x27;t break anything? (it&#x27;s slow though)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784080' id='368622'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368622'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:08:00Z'>19:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
but the fuzz binary built without enable-fuzz doesn&#x27;t seem to work?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784140' id='368623'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368623'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:09:00Z'>19:09</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-15'> provoostenator</span>&gt;
(slow to build that is, I think it&#x27;s not supposed to work)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784140' id='368624'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368624'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:09:00Z'>19:09</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
achow101: it works, it just doesn&#x27;t fuzz
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784200' id='368625'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368625'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
you need to provide it an input on stdin
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784200' id='368626'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368626'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
oh
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784200' id='368627'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368627'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:10:00Z'>19:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
rather than finding fuzzing inputs on its own
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784500' id='368628'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368628'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:15:00Z'>19:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] luke-jr opened pull request #22255: [0.21] wallet: Do not iterate a directory if having an error while accessing it (0.21...listwalletdir_iterate_inf-0.19) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22255" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22255</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784860' id='368629'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368629'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:21:00Z'>19:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
provoostenator: interestingly, compiling 5c06af49efba407f062fdbf124b6d571fedd73fa from #21935 with --enable-fuzz --disable-external-signer works, but does not with only --disable-external-signer
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784860' id='368630'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368630'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:21:00Z'>19:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21935" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21935</a> | Enable external signer support by default, reduce #ifdef by Sjors · Pull Request #21935 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623784980' id='368631'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368631'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T19:23:00Z'>19:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
oh, it disables the wallet with --enable-fuzz
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790800' id='368632'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368632'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:00:00Z'>21:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
#startmeeting
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790800' id='368633'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368633'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:00:00Z'>21:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
Meeting started Tue Jun 15 21:00:16 2021 UTC.  The chair is jnewbery_. Information about MeetBot at <a href="https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/ircmeetings" class="link" target="_blank">https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/ircmeetings</a>.
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790800' id='368634'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368634'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:00:00Z'>21:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
Available commands: action commands idea info link nick
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790800' id='368635'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368635'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:00:00Z'>21:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
#bitcoin-core-dev Meeting: achow101 aj amiti ariard bluematt cfields Chris_Stewart_5 digi_james dongcarl elichai2 emilengler fanquake fjahr gleb glozow gmaxwell gwillen hebasto instagibbs jamesob jb55 jeremyrubin jl2012 jnewbery jonasschnelli jonatack jtimon kallewoof kanzure kvaciral lightlike luke-jr maaku marcofalke meshcollider michagogo moneyball morcos nehan NicolasDorier paveljanik 
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790800' id='368636'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368636'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:00:00Z'>21:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
petertodd phantomcircuit promag provoostenator ryanofsky sdaftuar sipa vasild wumpus
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790800' id='368637'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368637'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:00:00Z'>21:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790800' id='368638'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368638'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:00:00Z'>21:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> ariard</span>&gt;
yo
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790800' id='368639'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368639'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:00:00Z'>21:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> lightlike</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790800' id='368640'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368640'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:00:00Z'>21:00</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790860' id='368641'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368641'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:01:00Z'>21:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
Hi folks. We have two items on the agenda today: <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-devwiki/wiki/P2P-IRC-meetings#15-jun-2021" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-devwiki/wiki/P2P-IRC-meetings#15-jun-2021</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790860' id='368642'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368642'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:01:00Z'>21:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/15" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/15</a> | Option to specify external IP address · Issue #15 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790860' id='368643'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368643'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:01:00Z'>21:01</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
Does anyone have any last minute topics to add?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790920' id='368644'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368644'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:02:00Z'>21:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
ok, let&#x27;s get started on the topics
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790920' id='368645'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368645'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:02:00Z'>21:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
#topic locking in net_processing
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790920' id='368646'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368646'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:02:00Z'>21:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
topic: locking in net_processing
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790920' id='368647'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368647'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:02:00Z'>21:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-3'> _aj_</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790980' id='368648'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368648'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:03:00Z'>21:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790980' id='368649'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368649'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:03:00Z'>21:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
#21527 is currently waiting for review. It adds a new lock to PeerMan, which I think later can be used to replace all the usage of cs_main in net_processing.
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790980' id='368650'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368650'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:03:00Z'>21:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21527" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21527</a> | net_processing: lock clean up by ajtowns · Pull Request #21527 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623790980' id='368651'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368651'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:03:00Z'>21:03</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
It&#x27;d unblock a lot of work to modularize net_processing and enforce clearer interfaces with validation and net
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791040' id='368652'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368652'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:04:00Z'>21:04</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-9'> glozow</span>&gt;
hi
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791040' id='368653'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368653'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:04:00Z'>21:04</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
The PR is languishing a bit and had some pushback from vasild, but I think it&#x27;s probably the right direction to take
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791160' id='368654'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368654'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:06:00Z'>21:06</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> ariard</span>&gt;
doesn&#x27;t sound to big, i can have a look on it this week
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791160' id='368655'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368655'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:06:00Z'>21:06</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
Thanks ariard
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791220' id='368656'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368656'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:07:00Z'>21:07</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
I&#x27;m a concept / approach ACK on the pr. I intend to review it, hopefully soon 
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791220' id='368657'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368657'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:07:00Z'>21:07</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Seems like vasild can give an ACK (with reservations) from his comments which might help it along too
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791280' id='368658'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368658'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:08:00Z'>21:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
ok, if there aren&#x27;t any questions on the approach, then we can move on to the next topic
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791280' id='368659'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368659'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:08:00Z'>21:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
#topic Reduce addr blackholes
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791280' id='368660'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368660'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:08:00Z'>21:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
topic: Reduce addr blackholes
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791280' id='368661'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368661'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:08:00Z'>21:08</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
(amiti)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791340' id='368662'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368662'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:09:00Z'>21:09</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
hi! I brought #21528 out of draft this week, and opened #22245 as a small change I&#x27;d like to see in v22 
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791340' id='368663'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368663'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:09:00Z'>21:09</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21528" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21528</a> | [p2p] Reduce addr blackholes by amitiuttarwar · Pull Request #21528 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791340' id='368664'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368664'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:09:00Z'>21:09</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22245" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22245</a> | [p2p] Stop sending SENDADDRV2 message to block-relay-only peers by amitiuttarwar · Pull Request #22245 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791400' id='368665'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368665'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:10:00Z'>21:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
the biggest concern about 21528 was around compatibility of other software on the network, and I looked at every client I could, opened issues confirming my understanding, posted on mailing list, mentioned it here multiple times... so I feel like its okay to move forward with these changes :) 
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791400' id='368666'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368666'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:10:00Z'>21:10</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
so the policy is going to be &quot;if you ever send anything addr related, we assume you care about addresses&quot;?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791460' id='368667'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368667'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:11:00Z'>21:11</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
yeah
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791460' id='368668'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368668'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:11:00Z'>21:11</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
updated from &quot;we assume you care about addresses regardless&quot;
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791580' id='368669'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368669'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:13:00Z'>21:13</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
and then there was a question about BIP155 on #22245, I&#x27;ve posted my thoughts on the PR, but want to give anyone the chance to raise questions / any remaining concerns 
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791580' id='368670'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368670'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:13:00Z'>21:13</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22245" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22245</a> | [p2p] Stop sending SENDADDRV2 message to block-relay-only peers by amitiuttarwar · Pull Request #22245 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791640' id='368671'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368671'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:14:00Z'>21:14</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
ok, if not, this is just an update then :) 
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791700' id='368672'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368672'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:15:00Z'>21:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> lightlike</span>&gt;
#22245 would make sendaddrv2 kind of non-parallel with the other feature negotiation message wtxidrelay (which must be send regardless of whether we do tx relay)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791700' id='368673'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368673'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:15:00Z'>21:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22245" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/22245</a> | [p2p] Stop sending SENDADDRV2 message to block-relay-only peers by amitiuttarwar · Pull Request #22245 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791700' id='368674'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368674'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:15:00Z'>21:15</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> lightlike</span>&gt;
 not sure if consistency something that is valuable at this spot though
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791760' id='368675'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368675'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:16:00Z'>21:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
i don&#x27;t think so
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791760' id='368676'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368676'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:16:00Z'>21:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
lightlike: why must wtxidrelay be sent regardless of tx relay?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791760' id='368677'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368677'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:16:00Z'>21:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
if you don&#x27;t care about addresses, sending sendaddrv2 is just irrelevant
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791760' id='368678'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368678'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:16:00Z'>21:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> lightlike</span>&gt;
&quot;The wtxidrelay message MUST be sent in response to a version message from a peer whose protocol version is &gt;= 70016 and prior to sending a verack&quot; (BIP 339)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791760' id='368679'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368679'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:16:00Z'>21:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
so presumably, someone who doesn&#x27;t care about addresses at all is not going to send it
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791760' id='368680'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368680'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:16:00Z'>21:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> ariard</span>&gt;
sounds more an oddity of bip339
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791760' id='368681'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368681'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:16:00Z'>21:16</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
lightlike: ah, gotcha
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791820' id='368682'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368682'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:17:00Z'>21:17</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
in order to implement BIP339 you must send wtxidrelay
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791820' id='368683'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368683'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:17:00Z'>21:17</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
but you&#x27;re free not to implement BIP339
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791880' id='368684'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368684'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:18:00Z'>21:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
someone who doesn&#x27;t care about addrv2 isn&#x27;t going to implement BIP155, and thus isn&#x27;t going to send sendaddrv2 either?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791880' id='368685'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368685'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:18:00Z'>21:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
lightlike: that MUST means &quot;you must send it if you want the peer to relay transactions using wtxid&quot;. I disagreed with using that language at the time because I thought it was confusing.
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791880' id='368686'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368686'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:18:00Z'>21:18</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-13'> sipa</span>&gt;
(which also applies to anyone who doesn&#x27;t care about addresses in the first place)
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623791940' id='368687'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368687'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:19:00Z'>21:19</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> lightlike</span>&gt;
jnewbery_: ah, ok, then it is not an issue.
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792000' id='368688'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368688'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:20:00Z'>21:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
What&#x27;s the latest on #21061 amiti? Is the new approach finalized/agreed or is it still up in the air somewhat?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792000' id='368689'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368689'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:20:00Z'>21:20</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-4'>@gribble</span>&gt;
<a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21061" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/21061</a> | [p2p] Introduce node rebroadcast module by amitiuttarwar · Pull Request #21061 · bitcoin/bitcoin · GitHub
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792060' id='368690'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368690'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:21:00Z'>21:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
I read the Suhas comments
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792060' id='368691'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368691'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:21:00Z'>21:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
michaelfolkson: still working on it, I&#x27;ll post an update on the PR when its more concrete 
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792060' id='368692'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368692'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:21:00Z'>21:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> michaelfolkson</span>&gt;
Cool
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792060' id='368693'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368693'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:21:00Z'>21:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-8'> amiti</span>&gt;
ok, I guess that concludes the Reduce addr blackholes topic 
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792060' id='368694'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368694'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:21:00Z'>21:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
thanks amiti
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792060' id='368695'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368695'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:21:00Z'>21:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> ariard</span>&gt;
w.r.t to erlay, gleb should release the new version of the simulator this week
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792060' id='368696'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368696'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:21:00Z'>21:21</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-10'> ariard</span>&gt;
and down to review more minisketch once i&#x27;m done with the current package-PRs
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792120' id='368697'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368697'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:22:00Z'>21:22</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
ariard: good to hear that it&#x27;s still being worked on!
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792180' id='368698'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368698'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:23:00Z'>21:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
ok, any last updates before we end the meeting?
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792180' id='368699'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368699'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:23:00Z'>21:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-7'> jnewbery_</span>&gt;
#endmeeting
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792180' id='368700'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368700'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:23:00Z'>21:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
topic: Bitcoin Core development discussion and commit log | Feel free to watch, but please take commentary and usage questions to #bitcoin | Channel logs: <a href="http://www.erisian.com.au/bitcoin-core-dev/" class="link" target="_blank">http://www.erisian.com.au/bitcoin-core-dev/</a>, <a href="http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/" class="link" target="_blank">http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/</a> | Meeting topics <a href="http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedmeetingtopics.txt" class="link" target="_blank">http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedmeetingtopics.txt</a> / <a href="http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedwalletmeetingtopics.txt" class="link" target="_blank">http://gnusha.org/bitcoin-core-dev/proposedwalletmeetingtopics.txt</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792180' id='368701'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368701'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:23:00Z'>21:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
Meeting ended Tue Jun 15 21:23:38 2021 UTC.  
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623792180' id='368702'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368702'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:23:00Z'>21:23</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-2'> core-meetingbot</span>&gt;
Minutes:        <a href="https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/ircmeetings/logs/bitcoin-core-dev/2021/bitcoin-core-dev.2021-06-15-21.00.moin.txt" class="link" target="_blank">https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/ircmeetings/logs/bitcoin-core-dev/2021/bitcoin-core-dev.2021-06-15-21.00.moin.txt</a>
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623793920' id='368703'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368703'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T21:52:00Z'>21:52</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-12'> prayank</span>&gt;
Can we merge this? <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21157" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21157</a> or if anyone has issues with the changes in PR feel free to comment
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623794520' id='368704'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368704'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T22:02:00Z'>22:02</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-1'> achow101</span>&gt;
are we pushing back feature freeze? there are still 15 open prs in the milestone
<br>
</div>

<div class='talk op-msg' data-timestamp='1623797580' id='368705'>
<a class='timestamp' href='#368705'><time timestamp='2021-06-15T22:53:00Z'>22:53</time></a>
&lt;<span class='nick nick-11'> bitcoin-git</span>&gt;
[bitcoin] theStack opened pull request #22257: test: refactor: use `{From,To}Hex` helpers for msg (de)serialization from/to hex (master...202106-test-refactor-replace_manual_deser_with_fromtohex) <a href="https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22257" class="link" target="_blank">https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/22257</a>
<br>
</div>

</div>
</section>

</body>
</html>
